# Sprint 1 Review and New Tasks Assignments
## Attendance

- Yashil
- Rona
- Catherine
- Kyungwoo
- Nathan
- Henry
- Michelle
- Daniel
- Emily
- Ramiz

**Time:** 5-6pm

**Location:** Zoom

## Agenda
1. Divide work for ADRs
2. Complete Sprint 1 Review
3. Complete Sprint 1 Retrospective
4. Divide up new issues for next sprint

## Summary

- Yashil: Daily log (HTML, CSS, JavaScript), merging everything to main, styling and CRUD functionality.
- Rona: Linting, Codacy, dropdown for daily log. Worked on localStorage and worked on login page (eventually scrapped :( working on TODO list now)
- Emily: Worked on login page (eventually scrapped :( working on TODO list now)
- Avnish: 
- Catherine: HTML, CSS and JavaScript for projects page, passing linting tests, etc
- Daniel: Styling and reviewing for projects page 
- Ramiz: Worked on login page (eventually scrapped :( working on TODO list now)
- Kyungwoo: Basic stucture of TODO List
- Nathan: Worked on HTML and CSS for homepage, followed Figma design
- Henry: Nav bar for homepage, daily streak, checkmarks for each week.
- Michelle: Calendar view, user can go to different months, select day and put in a daily log entry; attempted dropdown for months and years but its a little buggy right now. Recoded entry logs to make it one entry. Worked on CSS for daily log page too.

This part included working on the MVP together. Working on different branches and merging everything to main was challenging- communication was key and our team did a great job on working together.

Everyone collorated on brainstorming and coming up with ideas for all aspects. Members were active on Slack and were present in our team meetings. All members were quick to give feedback and were active throughout. Great teamwork!

## New tasks

- 

## Action Items

1. Don't forget to fill out the check-in form
2. Complete **atleast** 1 issue by Tuesday night
